contents/cfp.md, before:

---
title: Call for Papers
template: page.jade
---

The 5th Imperial College Computing Student Workshop (ICCSW) aims to
provide an international forum for doctoral students in computing. While
most conferences and workshops in academia solely cater for specific
research areas, ICCSW encourages doctoral students from all disciplines
in computer science to submit papers and take part in the event. It is a
workshop organised by students for students. The workshop will be hosted
by the [Department of Computing](http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/) at
[Imperial College London](http://www.imperial.ac.uk/).

---

#### The workshop offers:

* A traditional track, featuring:

    * Technical papers focused on current topics in computer science

    * Tool papers describing the design, functionality and applicability of a software tool

* A survey track, featuring papers that synthesise the state of the art in a particular topic of computer science

Areas of interest for the workshop cover all fields of research in computer science, including (but not limited to) the following:

|       						      |            					      | 		  	                      |
|-------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| - Computer Systems                  | - Programming Languages           | - Verification and Model Checking |
| - Databases                         | - Computational Modellin          | - Machine Learning                |
| - Logic and Artificial Intelligence | - Software Engineering            | - Computer Graphics               |
| - Networks and Communications       | - Theory of Computational Systems |                                   |

---

#### IMPORTANT DATES

* Abstract due: **Friday 5th June 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Paper submission due: **Friday 12th June 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Reviews due: **Friday 3rd July 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Acceptance notification: **Wednesday 8th July 2015**
* Final paper deadline: **Friday 24th July, 2015**
* Workshop: **Thursday 24th September - Friday 25th September, 2015**

---

#### SUBMISSION

Page limits:

- 7 pages for technical and survey papers, excluding references, OASIcs format.

- 5 pages for tool papers, excluding references, [OASIcs format](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz).

The main criterion for evaluating the submissions will be originality. Papers based on previous published work will be considered only if they include a footnote to the title specifying the previously published work. In addition, a short appendix describing changes from the published paper can be submitted (optionally) to help the reviewing.

For each submitted paper, the authors will be required to review two or three papers, not necessarily related to the topic of their immediate expertise. To ensure reviews are objective and meet academic standards the steering committee will read all the reviews prior to their release.

All accepted technical, survey and tools papers of ICCSW’15 will be published in the OpenAccess Series in Informatics (OASIcs) by Schloss Dagstuhl ([OASIcs format](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz)). Authors of accepted papers will be given the possibility to publish only an abstract rather than the whole paper in the proceedings of ICCSW'15. It is expected that one of the paper authors (a doctoral student) will attend the workshop and present their work.

---

#### ORGANISATION

The local steering committee consists of members of the Imperial College London ACM Student Chapter ([http://acm.doc.ic.ac.uk/](http://acm.doc.ic.ac.uk/)) who will be responsible for the organisation of the workshop. Research students from outside Imperial College are invited to join the organising committee as ambassadors of the workshop to promote it at their respective university and coordinate students wishing to participate in the workshop.

---

#### REGISTRATION AND TRAVEL BURSARIES

Registration is free of charge for all students. Some student bursaries, funded by industrial sponsors, will be made available to students with submissions accepted in the workshop. We aim to provide financial support for students who otherwise would be unable to attend.

To contact workshop organisers with any questions, please email [iccsw@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:iccsw@imperial.ac.uk)

<div align="right">_- ICCSW’15 Steering Committee_</div>

Commit message:

Added link to EasyChair submission page.

contents/cfp.md, after:

---
title: Call for Papers
template: page.jade
---

The 5th Imperial College Computing Student Workshop (ICCSW) aims to
provide an international forum for doctoral students in computing. While
most conferences and workshops in academia solely cater for specific
research areas, ICCSW encourages doctoral students from all disciplines
in computer science to submit papers and take part in the event. It is a
workshop organised by students for students. The workshop will be hosted
by the [Department of Computing](http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/) at
[Imperial College London](http://www.imperial.ac.uk/).

---

#### The workshop offers:

* A traditional track, featuring:

    * Technical papers focused on current topics in computer science

    * Tool papers describing the design, functionality and applicability of a software tool

* A survey track, featuring papers that synthesise the state of the art in a particular topic of computer science

Areas of interest for the workshop cover all fields of research in computer science, including (but not limited to) the following:

|       						      |            					      | 		  	                      |
|-------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| - Computer Systems                  | - Programming Languages           | - Verification and Model Checking |
| - Databases                         | - Computational Modellin          | - Machine Learning                |
| - Logic and Artificial Intelligence | - Software Engineering            | - Computer Graphics               |
| - Networks and Communications       | - Theory of Computational Systems |                                   |

---

#### IMPORTANT DATES

* Abstract due: **Friday 5th June 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Paper submission due: **Friday 12th June 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Reviews due: **Friday 3rd July 2015, 23:59:59 BST**
* Acceptance notification: **Wednesday 8th July 2015**
* Final paper deadline: **Friday 24th July, 2015**
* Workshop: **Thursday 24th September - Friday 25th September, 2015**

---

#### SUBMISSION

Page limits:

- 7 pages for technical and survey papers, excluding references, OASIcs format.

- 5 pages for tool papers, excluding references, [OASIcs format](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz).

The main criterion for evaluating the submissions will be originality. Papers based on previous published work will be considered only if they include a footnote to the title specifying the previously published work. In addition, a short appendix describing changes from the published paper can be submitted (optionally) to help the reviewing.

For each submitted paper, the authors will be required to review two or three papers, not necessarily related to the topic of their immediate expertise. To ensure reviews are objective and meet academic standards the steering committee will read all the reviews prior to their release.

All accepted technical, survey and tools papers of ICCSW’15 will be published in the OpenAccess Series in Informatics (OASIcs) by Schloss Dagstuhl ([OASIcs format](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz)). Authors of accepted papers will be given the possibility to publish only an abstract rather than the whole paper in the proceedings of ICCSW'15. It is expected that one of the paper authors (a doctoral student) will attend the workshop and present their work.

Submission of papers should be done via EasyChair at http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iccsw15.

---

#### ORGANISATION

The local steering committee consists of members of the Imperial College London ACM Student Chapter ([http://acm.doc.ic.ac.uk/](http://acm.doc.ic.ac.uk/)) who will be responsible for the organisation of the workshop. Research students from outside Imperial College are invited to join the organising committee as ambassadors of the workshop to promote it at their respective university and coordinate students wishing to participate in the workshop.

---

#### REGISTRATION AND TRAVEL BURSARIES

Registration is free of charge for all students. Some student bursaries, funded by industrial sponsors, will be made available to students with submissions accepted in the workshop. We aim to provide financial support for students who otherwise would be unable to attend.

To contact workshop organisers with any questions, please email [iccsw@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:iccsw@imperial.ac.uk)

<div align="right">_- ICCSW’15 Steering Committee_</div>
