contents/faq.md, before:

---
title: FAQ
template: page.jade
---

__How will the proceedings of ICCSW'15 be published?__

The proceedings will be published as an open-access volume in the
[OpenAccess Series in Informatics
(OASIcs)](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) published by [Schloss Dagstuhl](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/).

__What rights will I retain as an author after publishing my paper at
ICCSW'15?__

All articles published in OASIcs are licensed under a Creative Commons
licence. This allows for the original authors to retain the copyright of
the article.

__What style should I use for my paper?__

To be confirmed
<!--
Please use OASIcs LaTeX style. You can find a copy
[here](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz).
-->

__What are the instructions for papers that has either been previously
published elsewhere?__

There are a number of accepted submissions that are not truly "original
work" (e.g., they have been previously presented in a longer format at a
previous conference/workshop or accepted in a journal). If your paper is
one of these submissions, we ask that you kindly revise your manuscript
in the following way: please use ``\footnote{...}`` to add a
footnote to your title. Please include text similar to the following:

*A longer version of this paper appeared in the proceedings of
ConferenceInitials [XX].*

where "ConferenceInitials" are the initials of the conference (e.g.,
"ICCSW" for "Imperial College Computing Student Workshop") and "[XX]" is
a citation to the full, original paper included in your bibliography.

For example, in LaTeX, your sources may now include something similar
to:

```
\title{My really awesome paper\footnote{A longer version of this paper
appeared in the proceedings of ABC~\cite{MyPaper}.}}
```

Optionally you can include a short appendix, explaining the difference between
the previous and work being submitted if you think an explanation  will aid the decision
making process of the reviewers.

Commit message:

Added the statement regarding only abstract pub.

contents/faq.md, after:

---
title: FAQ
template: page.jade
---

__How will the proceedings of ICCSW'15 be published?__

The proceedings will be published as an open-access volume in the
[OpenAccess Series in Informatics
(OASIcs)](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) published by [Schloss Dagstuhl](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/).

Authors of accepted papers will be given the possibility to publish only an abstract rather than the whole paper in the proceedings of ICCSW’15. 

__What rights will I retain as an author after publishing my paper at
ICCSW'15?__

All articles published in OASIcs are licensed under a Creative Commons
licence. This allows for the original authors to retain the copyright of
the article.

__What style should I use for my paper?__

To be confirmed
<!--
Please use OASIcs LaTeX style. You can find a copy
[here](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz).
-->

__What are the instructions for papers that has either been previously
published elsewhere?__

There are a number of accepted submissions that are not truly "original
work" (e.g., they have been previously presented in a longer format at a
previous conference/workshop or accepted in a journal). If your paper is
one of these submissions, we ask that you kindly revise your manuscript
in the following way: please use ``\footnote{...}`` to add a
footnote to your title. Please include text similar to the following:

*A longer version of this paper appeared in the proceedings of
ConferenceInitials [XX].*

where "ConferenceInitials" are the initials of the conference (e.g.,
"ICCSW" for "Imperial College Computing Student Workshop") and "[XX]" is
a citation to the full, original paper included in your bibliography.

For example, in LaTeX, your sources may now include something similar
to:

```
\title{My really awesome paper\footnote{A longer version of this paper
appeared in the proceedings of ABC~\cite{MyPaper}.}}
```

Optionally you can include a short appendix, explaining the difference between
the previous and work being submitted if you think an explanation  will aid the decision
making process of the reviewers.
