contents/index.md, before:

---
title: 2017 Imperial College Computing Student Workshop
template: index.jade
---
Student Registration Opened
-----

----------
The 2017 Imperial College Computing Student Workshop aims to provide an
international forum for doctoral students to discuss a range of topics
that are current in computer science research. The workshop welcomes all
research students in the field of computer science.

Following the success of the first five editions of the
workshop&mdash;[ICCSW'15](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2015),
[ICCSW'14](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2014),
[ICCSW'13](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2013),
[ICCSW'12](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2012) and
[ICCSW'11](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2011)&mdash;the sixth workshop
provides an excellent opportunity to share provocative ideas,
interesting preliminary work, or a cool research directions that may
change the world.

The workshop aims to:

* offer research students the opportunity to submit and present their
  research at an internationally-renowned institution;
* provide PhD students with the experience of organising a workshop,
  including reviewing papers written by other students;
* provide a forum for open discussion of topics including those outside
  the current focus of research;
* allow students to network with peers from other institutions and learn
  about their research.

The workshop provides an excellent ground for discussing similarities
and differences in graduate studies at various institutions around the
world. All doctoral students are thereby encouraged to submit papers
covering their ongoing research. The sixth edition of the workshop is
currently being planned.

The proceedings will be published as an [OpenAccess Series in Informatics](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) volume.

<!-- # Prize Winners

* Best Paper:
* Best Presentation:
* Best Reviewer:  -->

<!-- --- -->
<!-- <div class="row" style="text-align: center;background-color:#174D80;padding:5px;">
	<h2 style="font-weight: bold;color:#FFF;margin:0px;">
		2015 ICCSW Keynote speakers:
	</h1>
</div>
<div class="row" style="text-align: center;background-color:#eee;">
	<h3 style="font-style: italic;">
		[Chris DiBona (Google)](https://sites.google.com/a/dibona.com/www/) and [Erik Mueller (MIT)](http://xenia.media.mit.edu/~mueller/)
	</h3>
</div> -->


---

### Sponsors

<div class="row" style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://www.google.com/about/">
  <img src="img/google.png" style="height: 50px; margin: 1em;" alt="Google">
</a>
<a href="http://wp.doc.ic.ac.uk/hipeds/">
  <img src="img/hipeds.png" style="height: 50px; margin: 1em;" alt="HiPEDS">
</a>
</div>




### Supporters
<div class="row" style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://www.imperial.ac.uk/">
  <img src="img/icl.png" style="height: 50px; margin:
1em;" alt="Imperial College London"/>
</a>
<a href="http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics">
  <img src="img/oasics.png"  style="height: 50px;
margin: 1em;" alt="OASIcs"/>
</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Updated ambassadors and added call for posters to homepage

contents/index.md, after:

---
title: 2017 Imperial College Computing Student Workshop
template: index.jade
---
Call for Posters and Registration
-----
This year at ICCSW’17 we’re hosting a student poster session and would love to see **_your work_**!

Whether you’re just about to survive your first year or driving for the finish, ICCSW’17 is the place to present and show off your ~~constantly evolving it’s-not-ready-yet-work-in-progress~~ masterpiece.

Some vital info:

☑️ We are open to all fields in Computing from all cohorts.  
☝️ The only requirement is: poster_size = A1;  
‼️ Deadline is 31st August.  
🤑 Cough*Wewillpayforprinting*Cough.  
🍕 There will be food.  
🏆 There will also be prizes.  
🎯 Submit [*here*](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iccsw17)

----------
The 2017 Imperial College Computing Student Workshop aims to provide an
international forum for doctoral students to discuss a range of topics
that are current in computer science research. The workshop welcomes all
research students in the field of computer science.

Following the success of the first five editions of the
workshop&mdash;[ICCSW'15](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2015),
[ICCSW'14](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2014),
[ICCSW'13](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2013),
[ICCSW'12](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2012) and
[ICCSW'11](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/2011)&mdash;the sixth workshop
provides an excellent opportunity to share provocative ideas,
interesting preliminary work, or a cool research directions that may
change the world.

The workshop aims to:

* offer research students the opportunity to submit and present their
  research at an internationally-renowned institution;
* provide PhD students with the experience of organising a workshop,
  including reviewing papers written by other students;
* provide a forum for open discussion of topics including those outside
  the current focus of research;
* allow students to network with peers from other institutions and learn
  about their research.

The workshop provides an excellent ground for discussing similarities
and differences in graduate studies at various institutions around the
world. All doctoral students are thereby encouraged to submit papers
covering their ongoing research. The sixth edition of the workshop is
currently being planned.

The proceedings will be published as an [OpenAccess Series in Informatics](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) volume.

<!-- # Prize Winners

* Best Paper:
* Best Presentation:
* Best Reviewer:  -->

<!-- --- -->
<!-- <div class="row" style="text-align: center;background-color:#174D80;padding:5px;">
	<h2 style="font-weight: bold;color:#FFF;margin:0px;">
		2015 ICCSW Keynote speakers:
	</h1>
</div>
<div class="row" style="text-align: center;background-color:#eee;">
	<h3 style="font-style: italic;">
		[Chris DiBona (Google)](https://sites.google.com/a/dibona.com/www/) and [Erik Mueller (MIT)](http://xenia.media.mit.edu/~mueller/)
	</h3>
</div> -->


---

### Sponsors

<div class="row" style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://www.google.com/about/">
  <img src="img/google.png" style="height: 50px; margin: 1em;" alt="Google">
</a>
<a href="http://wp.doc.ic.ac.uk/hipeds/">
  <img src="img/hipeds.png" style="height: 50px; margin: 1em;" alt="HiPEDS">
</a>
</div>




### Supporters
<div class="row" style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://www.imperial.ac.uk/">
  <img src="img/icl.png" style="height: 50px; margin:
1em;" alt="Imperial College London"/>
</a>
<a href="http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics">
  <img src="img/oasics.png"  style="height: 50px;
margin: 1em;" alt="OASIcs"/>
</a>
</div>
